# 07-30-2022

College Counselor meeting was productive! Finished Korsunsky's Mock Letter of Recc

Counselor asked me about challenges I dealt, response, and effect. I felt really comfortable with him to talk about deep shit, even the toughest ones.

Started out with living far away, meant almost no time after school staying with friends, going to library, playing basektball, and completing hw. Loneliness somehow hits me now, realizing how much fun my friends have, but I wasn't that jealous back in 9th grade. Maybe, because I was just unaware of the fun things they did together. Can't really put my finger on it. However, out of that I became independent.

Then the hard topic which really defines me now. The classic high school heartbreak 😂. Not having social media previously really influenced the messaging part of social media. Previously, I was really unaware of how specific responses evoke certain messages. Not going to give any examples, but you can prbly think of many. Funny shit to look back to, and think dang I really did forgive a lot of people. Counselor had a very super similar experience which shocked me and his friendship with that person she hooked up with was shattered. Kind of hard for my friendship to be shattered, because it would be just cringe and fucking awkward to be in the same class because we are both very similar in the way people perceive us both. Some of my friends helped me so much through this shit like Kevin, Russell, and Ruiqi. Some other people gave no regard which I'm fine with. But when then trying to get over it, who tries to hook up with the person's friend on the day of their birthday xDDDD. aite sucks m8. idk really fucked up timing ig. All my friends hid this for a months, in direct orders from him. This really was the tip of the iceberg. cant force love dawg u gotta get that. oh yea even funnier, was that people fed my brain saying im in superficial love. aite man fr. tell me how i feel, because apparently I can't understand my own feelings 😂. My response, was leave servers, close contacts, and shrivel up for a 2 months and still going on, because I realized how dead the server was anyways during summer. But will join back soon prbly. Luckily i got da homies with me: Jamie, Russell, and Andrew 🥰. Helped me a lot, and me working during these 2 months really helped me put my mind to the bigger things in life, such as making new friendships. Felt happier to make new friends instead of the old ones, who I felt betrayed from everyone for sometime. Maybe not even somtime, permanent damage. You can't expect trauma to not change someone's perspective of the people that inficted it upon me. They degraded in my pov and that is just my opinion. The only friend that hasn't was Kevin. I can't express the ways he helped me, but man I seriously look up to him sometimes and was happy that I have someone I can depend on. I hope he can depend on me, when times are tough for him as well 🥰. Back on topic now. Coping. Oh yea then I ATE LUNCH WITH HIM LFMAOAOFDJSAAKAOAOAOAOAOAOAOAOAOAO. Yea fuck him, now that I remember it holy fuck. That was so fucking damaging. So surprising, this man has no brain and brags how he has connections. aite so rundown, he basically bragged how they hooked up on my bday and he sneaked out for walks with her. Then he proceeds to tell me that he made out with her. Like wat the eff is wrong with you. Why tf are you telling me, ME OUT OF ALL PEOPLE, that you made out with her. I should have just left, but instead like a loser I said "nice!" smiling externally, but slowly dying internally 😢. As much resentment I can have for her as well, Ik that internally if I ever had the chance to be with her, i just fucking know that my down bad ass would say yes. Even rn, I'd say yes most likely. That's just fucking sad. Like Ik for sure that I'm over her, but this won't ever heal till I try hooking up with other people. That won't happen for like another year, probably cuz all the people I'm interested in and ik in lhs that prbly would like me too are Avni's friends. why do all the hot south asian girls my sister's friend 😢. aite sucks. k so I created a playlist bout how i truly felt bout her and my social media stupidity like 5 months ago. 

Here is the [Playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5JyU40mQMGiqOXZdXzGrNO?si=146dedc9c12c4baf).

K so that is most of it, but now what was my response. Self-growth: physically and mentally. k talking bout this making my eyes watery xddddd. kay sux. Going to gym and transforming my body. Insecurities that I want to slowly fix: 15% body fat goal: abs + veins + more defined muscles. Want to work on more, my delts, back, lat, legs, and currently working on calves 200 calf raises a day. Mentally: reading self developtment/self help books. Counselor does the same thing and so we were both really relatable. I shared with him my book list, and he knew most of them. Gave Wise quotes and shared how he dealt with a really super super super similar trauma. Look back at the trauma and be grateful. Everyone pushes themselvs off their bed and get up to change soemthing about urself. Wounds wont stop wounding, until you start touching it. Blame to Understand. Look for the beauty underneath the ugliness. 

Riya ate lunch with us, b/c moving to Oakland

Unproductive after lunch, but now here I am being productive xD

Also, fixed some of my spotify playlists

9:30 rn
